titan-configuration: remove the unrecommended steps of updating TiKV configuration (#21217)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `enabled`

> **Warning**
>

> > When disabling Titan for TiDB versions earlier than v8.5.0, it is not recommended to modify this configuration item to `false` to avoid TiKV crashes. To disable Titan, refer to the steps in [Disable Titan](/storage-engine/titan-configuration.md#disable-titan).

Author: ```suggestion
> When disabling Titan for TiDB versions earlier than v8.5.0, it is not recommended to modify this configuration item to `false`, as this might cause TiKV to crash.. To disable Titan, refer to the steps in [Disable Titan](/storage-engine/titan-configuration.md#disable-titan).
```
